

TFE_historically_minor_struggle_catalyst_gain = 50
TFE_historically_major_struggle_catalyst_gain = 75
TFE_historically_significant_struggle_catalyst_gain = 100

struggle_eastern_iranian_development_county_value = 5
struggle_eastern_iranian_development_req_value = 60
struggle_eastern_iranian_control_percent_value = 40

# Paramameter for percentage of Eastern Iranian world that you cannot control
struggle_eastern_iranian_ending_silk_road_owned_percent_value = 40
struggle_eastern_iranian_ending_domination_owned_percent_value = 75

# Uses above to plug in to script as a decimal
struggle_eastern_iranian_ending_silk_road_owned_percent_decimal_value = { 
	value = struggle_eastern_iranian_ending_silk_road_owned_percent_value
	divide = 100
	max = 1
}

# Uses above to plug in to script as a decimal
struggle_eastern_iranian_ending_domination_owned_percent_decimal_value = { 
	value = struggle_eastern_iranian_ending_domination_owned_percent_value
	divide = 100
	max = 1
}


# Counts every county in region, to check against
struggle_eastern_iranian_ending_region_total_value = {
	value = 0
	every_county_in_region = {
		region = TFE_eastern_iranian_struggle_region
		add = 1
	}
}

# Counter for controlled counties in North Atlantic
struggle_eastern_iranian_ending_region_owned_value = {
	value = 0
	every_county_in_region = {
		region = TFE_eastern_iranian_struggle_region
		limit = { holder.top_liege = root }
		add = 1
	}
}

# Percentage of Eastern Iranian counties owned
TFE_eastern_iranian_struggle_region_owned_percent_value = {
	value = struggle_eastern_iranian_ending_region_owned_value
	divide = struggle_eastern_iranian_ending_region_total_value
	multiply = 100
}


# Counter for independent king or higher Involved rulers
struggle_eastern_iranian_ending_compromise_decision_independent_counter_value = {
	value = 0
	struggle:eastern_iranian_struggle = {
		every_involved_ruler = {
			limit = {
				NOT = { this = root }
				is_independent_ruler = yes
				primary_title = {
					is_mercenary_company = no
					is_holy_order = no
					tier >= tier_kingdom
				}
			}
			add = 1
		}
	}
}

# Counter for independent Involved rulers
struggle_eastern_iranian_ending_compromise_decision_independent_invloved_counter_value = {
	value = 0
	struggle:eastern_iranian_struggle = {
		every_involved_ruler = {
			limit = {
				NOT = { this = root }
				is_independent_ruler = yes
				primary_title = {
					is_mercenary_company = no
					is_holy_order = no
				}
			}
			add = 1
		}
	}
}

# Counter for Eastern Iranian counties owned by non-Involved
struggle_eastern_iranian_ending_compromise_decision_region_interloper_value = {
	value = 0
	every_county_in_region = {
		region = TFE_eastern_iranian_struggle_region
		limit = {
			holder.top_liege = {
				NOT = {
					any_character_struggle = {
						involvement = involved
						is_struggle_type = eastern_iranian_struggle
					}
				}				
			}
		}
		add = 1
	}
}

# Percentage of Eastern Iranian counties owned by non-Involved
struggle_eastern_iranian_ending_compromise_decision_region_interloper_percent_value = {
	value = struggle_eastern_iranian_ending_compromise_decision_region_interloper_value
	divide = struggle_eastern_iranian_ending_region_total_value
	multiply = 100
}

persia_struggle_ending_kingdom_counter_value = {
	every_held_title = {
		limit = {
			tier = tier_kingdom
			de_jure_liege = title:e_persia
			root = { completely_controls = prev }
		}
		add = 1
	}
}

persia_struggle_conciliation_kingdom_total_value = 1

persia_struggle_compromise_owned_percent_value = 50

struggle_persia_ending_compromise_decision_region_owned_value = {
	value = 0
	every_county_in_region = {
		region = TFE_eastern_iranian_struggle_region
		limit = { holder.top_liege = root }
		add = 1
	}
}

struggle_persia_ending_ending_decision_region_total_value = {
	value = 0
	every_county_in_region = {
		region = TFE_eastern_iranian_struggle_region
		add = 1
	}
}

struggle_persia_ending_compromise_decision_region_owned_percent_value = {
	value = struggle_persia_ending_compromise_decision_region_owned_value
	divide = struggle_persia_ending_ending_decision_region_total_value
	multiply = 100
}

struggle_persia_ending_compromise_decision_opinion_value = {
	value = 60
}

# Counter for hooked and friendly rulers
struggle_persia_ending_compromise_decision_opinion_counter_value = {
	value = 0
	struggle:eastern_iranian_struggle = {
		every_involved_ruler = {
			limit = {
				NOT = { this = root }
				is_independent_ruler = yes
				primary_title = { is_holy_order = no }
				primary_title = { is_mercenary_company = no }
				save_temporary_scope_as = this_character
				OR = {
					root = { has_strong_hook = scope:this_character }
					opinion = {
						target = root
						value >= struggle_persia_ending_compromise_decision_opinion_value
					}
				}
			}
			add = 1
		}
	}
}

persia_struggle_compromise_uninvolved_percent_value = 25

# Uses above to plug in to script as a decimal
persia_struggle_compromise_uninvolved_percent_decimal_value = { 
	value = persia_struggle_compromise_uninvolved_percent_value
	divide = 100
	max = 1
}


# Paramameter for percentage of Eastern Iranian world that you cannot control
struggle_north_indian_ending_confluence_owned_percent_value = 40
struggle_north_indian_ending_domination_owned_percent_value = 75

# Uses above to plug in to script as a decimal
struggle_north_indian_ending_confluence_owned_percent_decimal_value = { 
	value = struggle_north_indian_ending_confluence_owned_percent_value
	divide = 100
	max = 1
}

# Uses above to plug in to script as a decimal
struggle_north_indian_ending_domination_owned_percent_decimal_value = { 
	value = struggle_north_indian_ending_domination_owned_percent_value
	divide = 100
	max = 1
}

# Counts every county in region, to check against
struggle_north_indian_ending_region_total_value = {
	value = 0
	every_county_in_region = {
		region = TFE_north_indian_struggle_region
		add = 1
	}
}

# Counter for controlled counties in North Atlantic
struggle_north_indian_ending_region_owned_value = {
	value = 0
	every_county_in_region = {
		region = TFE_north_indian_struggle_region
		limit = { holder.top_liege = root }
		add = 1
	}
}

# Percentage of North Indian counties owned
TFE_north_indian_struggle_region_owned_percent_value = {
	value = struggle_north_indian_ending_region_owned_value
	divide = struggle_north_indian_ending_region_total_value
	multiply = 100
}

struggle_north_indian_development_county_value = 5
struggle_north_indian_development_req_value = 40
struggle_north_indian_religion_county_value = 3

TFE_NOMADIC_AI_SCORE_MULT = {
	value = 1
	if = {
		limit = {
			AND = {
				exists = struggle:north_indian_struggle
				struggle:north_indian_struggle = {
					AND = {
						has_struggle_phase_parameter = cheaper_nomadic_migrations
						is_culture_involved_in_struggle = scope:attacker.culture
					}
				}
				any_in_list = {
					list = target_titles
					title_capital_county.title_province = {
						geographical_region = TFE_north_indian_struggle_region
					}
				}
			}
		}
		add = 100
	}
}

TFE_MIGRATION_AI_SCORE_MULT = {
	value = 1
	if = {
		limit = {
			scope:defender = {
				OR = {
					government_has_flag = government_is_imperial
					government_has_flag = government_is_administrative
					government_has_flag = government_is_autocratic
					government_has_flag = government_is_autocratic_ep3
				}
			}
		}
		add = 500
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			scope:attacker = {
				OR = {
					AND = {
						OR = {
							has_government = feudal_government
							government_has_flag = government_is_imperial
							government_has_flag = government_is_administrative
							government_has_flag = government_is_roman
						}
						realm_size > 30 #small sized feudal realms can't migrate
					}
					realm_size >= 100 #big realms can't migrate
				}
			}
		}
		add = -1000
	}
}


TFE_italian_struggle_ending_development_level = 45

# Parameter for cultural acceptance gain
TFE_italian_struggle_synthesis_culture_acceptance_value = 25

# Paramameter for percentage of Italian that you cannot control
struggle_italian_ending_synthesis_owned_percent_value = 40

# Uses above to plug in to script as a decimal
struggle_italian_ending_synthesis_owned_percent_decimal_value = { 
	value = struggle_italian_ending_synthesis_owned_percent_value
	divide = 100
	max = 1
}

# Counts every county in region, to check against
struggle_italian_ending_region_total_value = {
	value = 0
	every_county_in_region = {
		region = TFE_italian_struggle_region
		add = 1
	}
}

# Counter for controlled counties in North Atlantic
struggle_italian_ending_region_owned_value = {
	value = 0
	every_county_in_region = {
		region = TFE_italian_struggle_region
		limit = { holder.top_liege = root }
		add = 1
	}
}

# Percentage of North Indian counties owned
TFE_italian_struggle_region_owned_percent_value = {
	value = struggle_italian_ending_region_owned_value
	divide = struggle_italian_ending_region_total_value
	multiply = 100
}

# Paramameter for percentage of Italian that you cannot control
struggle_italian_ending_incorporation_owned_percent_value = 60

# Uses above to plug in to script as a decimal
struggle_italian_ending_incorporation_owned_percent_decimal_value = { 
	value = struggle_italian_ending_incorporation_owned_percent_value
	divide = 100
	max = 1
}

# Paramameter for percentage of Italian that you cannot control
struggle_italian_ending_restoration_owned_percent_value = 70

# Uses above to plug in to script as a decimal
struggle_italian_ending_restoration_owned_percent_decimal_value = { 
	value = struggle_italian_ending_restoration_owned_percent_value
	divide = 100
	max = 1
}







